NEXT-18625 - add documentation for rule awareness (#446)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/rule/add-custom-rules.md

```
{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> It may be possible that rules, with your newly created condition, aren't selectable in some places inside the administration, e.g. inside the promotion module. This is because rules are "context aware". To learn more about that feature [click here]();

Reviewer: Link is missing

As you can see, our `sw-single-select` uses the previously created computed property `selectValues` as the `options` prop, and the value is saved into the variable `isLunarEclipse`. That's it, your rule is now fully integrated.

> ## Context awarness

Reviewer: Typo: "awareness"

Rules in the shopware administration are now aware of where they're assigned to. This means that a user won't be able to add a rule to a promotion when the rule contains the condition "Cart amount". This also works the other way around. The user won't be able to add a the condition "Cart amount" when the rule is already assigned to a promotion.

> 

Reviewer: Would be great to include a screenshot to illustrate how that looks.

const restrictions = ruleConditionService.getAwarenessConfigurationByAssignmentName('productPrices');
```
{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}
All possible relations can be found in `Shopware\Core\Content\Rule\RuleDefinition`;
{% endhint %}

Now we want to add our own configuration. Therefore we import the `merge` function from `Shopware.Utils.object` then we will call the `addAwarenessConfiguration` method.

{% code title="<plugin root>src/Resources/app/administration/src/app/decorator/condition-type-data-provider.decorator.js" %}
```javascript
Shopware.Application.addServiceProviderDecorator('ruleConditionDataProviderService', (ruleConditionService) => {
    // Your newly added conditions is here

    const restrictions = ruleConditionService.getAwarenessConfigurationByAssignmentName('productPrices');

    ruleConditionService
        .addAwarenessConfiguration('productPrices', merge(restrictions, {
            notEquals: [
                'lunar_eclipse',
            ],
            equalsAny: [], // ignore property if not needed
            snippet: 'sw-restricted-rules.restrictedAssignment.lunarEclipse',
        }),
});
```
{% endcode %}

> We'll explain what `notEquals` and `equalsAny` mean later. Now we just need a new snippet. You can [see here](../../administration/adding-snippets.md) how to add snippets to shopware 6. The path to the directory is: `<plugin root>src/Resources/app/administration/src/app/snippet`.

Reviewer: please write Shopware 6 with an uppercase first letter.

> After you've added the snippet you successfully definded resctrictions for you custom condition. If you now try to assign a rule with your condition to advanced prices you should see that it's not possible and the rule is disabled.

Reviewer: Typo - for "your" custom condition.

> What do `notEquals` and `equalsAny` actually mean. With these two properties you can define that rules, you want to assign to a specific relation i.e. `productPrices`, need to have at least one condition that is inside `equalsAny` if specified or should not have any condition inside of `notEquals` if specified.

Reviewer 2: Own opinion: Leave the `if specified` out, its stops my read flow :laughing: But this is optional.

Author: Is out.

### Restricting rule assignements

> When you want to add a new rule select component to assign rules somewhere in shopware you should use the `sw-select-rule-create` component. With that you can ensure that the rules you don't want to be selectable aren't selectable.

Reviewer: Again, please write "Shopware" instead of "shopware"

Reviewer 2: Iam not a english grammar guy, but in german, I would insert two comma:

`With that you can ensure that the rules, you don't want to be selectable, aren't selectable.`

For that we need to write some twig code.

{% hint style="info" %}
If you don't know how to customize administration components [click here](../../administration/customizing-components.md).
{% endhint %}

{% code %}
```text
{% block example_twig_blog %}
    <sw-select-rule-create

>         :restriction="productPrices"

Reviewer 3: is this already implemented, or is it only a guess?

Author: Correct, already defined in the previous step. You can find it under "Defining restrictions"

        @save-rule="[YOUR SAVE METHOD]">
{% endblock %}
```
{% endcode %}

> That's it the component automatically fetches rules and marks them as disabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
That's it, the component automatically fetches rules and marks them as disabled.
```

As you can see, our `sw-single-select` uses the previously created computed property `selectValues` as the `options` prop, and the value is saved into the variable `isLunarEclipse`. That's it, your rule is now fully integrated.

## Context awareness

> 

Reviewer: Could you please add a hint here, mentioning from which Shopware Version this feature is supported?

Author: Done, that.

```javascript
// Inside the addServiceProviderDecorator method
const restrictions = ruleConditionService.getAwarenessConfigurationByAssignmentName('productPrices');
```

{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}
You can find all possible relations in `Shopware\Core\Content\Rule\RuleDefinition`;
{% endhint %}

Now we want to add our configuration. Therefore we import the `merge` function from `Shopware.Utils.object`, then call the `addAwarenessConfiguration` method.

{% code title="<plugin root>src/Resources/app/administration/src/app/decorator/condition-type-data-provider.decorator.js" %}

```javascript
Shopware.Application.addServiceProviderDecorator('ruleConditionDataProviderService', (ruleConditionService) => {
    // Your newly added conditions is here

    const restrictions = ruleConditionService.getAwarenessConfigurationByAssignmentName('productPrices');

    ruleConditionService
        .addAwarenessConfiguration('productPrices', merge(restrictions, {
            notEquals: [
                'lunar_eclipse',
            ],
            equalsAny: [], // ignore property if not needed
        }));
});
```

{% endcode %}

> We'll explain what `notEquals` and `equalsAny` means later. Now we just need a new snippet.
> 
> That's it, you successfully defined restrictions for your custom condition. If you now try to assign a rule with your condition to advanced prices, you should see that it's not possible, and the rule is disabled.
> 
> What do `notEquals` and `equalsAny` actually mean? With these two properties, you can define the rules you want to assign to a specific relation, i.e. `productPrices`, need to have at least one condition inside `equalsAny` or should not have any condition inside of `notEquals`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
What do `notEquals` and `equalsAny` actually mean? 
With these two properties, you can define the rules you want to assign to a specific relation, i.e., `productPrices` need to have at least one condition inside `equalsAny` or should not have any condition inside of `notEquals`.

Finally, you just need a new snippet. With that said, you successfully defined restrictions for your custom condition. If you now try to assign a rule with your condition to advanced prices, you should see that it is not possible, and the rule is disabled.
```
